COLE: At 0700 hours,
three Air Force officers
took over two
launch control centers.
So you're telling me
they have the capability
to launch a nuclear missile.
I'm telling you they can
launch 50nuclear missiles.
Have you heard of
the Patton Project?
Supposedly it's a military
within the military.
Go! Go! Go!
Aah!
[echoing, indistinct
announcement on P.A.]
Hey.
How you doing?
Okay.
Is everything the same?
You asking me if I still want
to be dead? Yeah. Yeah.
Way to get to the point.
Have you, uh,
told the doctors about it?
Hell no.
Good.
It's your life
to live or not.
Remember...
...there's no rule that says
you have to endure pain.
Yeah.
You're right.
What's my surprise?
Same.
Meth.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, have you thought any more
about what we talked about?
About taking the package
on the plane?
Yes. Shh, shh, shh. Yeah.
Go out with a bang?
That'd show 'em.
Yeah, it would.
In a big way.
Get everybody thinking a little
bit differently about you.
I definitely want to do it.
You know,
bringing Michael along
would really help ensure
you get the package on board.
If I'm gone,
the last thing I want is
my parents to have him.
Or his scumbag father.
Think about taking him.
You do get priority boarding
with a baby.
Yeah.
If I'm gone, I don't want him
on this earth without me.
You still getting out on Friday?
Yup.
Four more days,
I'm a free woman.
I'll be waiting.
♪
KENSI:
Okay, Kat, Mindy, Mandy,
Tiffany and Tiffany and their
plus-ones are ten people.
We only have
eight-people tables.
I don't know what the... I mean,
we're gonna have
to separate them.
Okay.
No, no, not
okay. No.
It's like they're
one person.
It's literally like
cutting off a limb for them.
Well, that seems
like a slight exaggeration.Oh, gosh.
And when did you do this?
When did you put Anna
between your Uncle Bob
and Kip Brigham?
What are you talking about?
Kip is recently divorced.
So is Anna.
Weddings are romantic.
Yes, romantic,
but Kip is player.
Kip is a professional
basketball player
who is thoughtful
and kind and heartbroken.
Listen, I got
the whole thing planned out.
Uncle Bob's gonna
get drunk, right?
He's gonna tell sexist jokes
and he's gonna drive Anna
right into Kip's arms.
That sounds like a pack of
hyenas circling their prey.
I am absolutely not
doing that to Anna.
I'm gonna sit her
next to Monika.
Okay.
But, just so you know,
that if Anna and Kip
do get together,
good chance Anna
will move out to Los Angeles.
Just... putting it out there.
Well... Kip is a
nice guy, right?
So funny.He's handsome.
Big.
What
What No.
I don't mean like that.
Oh.This is an H.R. violation.
This is very
uncomfortable.
I feel uncomfortable.
DEEKS:
Here comes Callen and Sam.
KENSI:
Ah. Right on time.
Hey, hey.
What's up?
Hola. What are we doing
in the boonies?
Don't know. Ochoa told us
to meet a contact out here.
Says we, uh, we're
being farmed out.
To who?
Wouldn't say.
Hello.
Nobody
remembers me?
Tobin Shaked.
Former Mossad.
We helped out your daughter.No, you saved
my daughter's life.
I'm in your debt for that.
Please,
come this way.
Come in.
This is all a little odd
for you, I'm sure.
A little.
Did you call this meeting?
I'm working for
a covert division
of a United States agency now.
That's a little
cryptic.
DEEKS: My guess is
Department of Agriculture.
SHAKED:
CIA, DIA, NSA, DHS--
Ultimately, what does it matter?
It matters because it'd be nice
to know who we're supporting.
All I can tell you is
we are all working
for the security
of the United States.
So that's all
we're gonna get?
SAM: How'd you go from
an Israeli ex-pat to...
SHAKED: Someone who can get
the four of you to come to
a random meeting in the
middle of Valencia?
Yeah.Let's just say I have
very specialized skills
your government needs.
Hear me out.
I think you'll understand why
you are involved
in this operation.
We're not involved
in anything yet.
My understanding is that
your participation
is not optional.
How's that?
Please.
Last year your team
subverted an attack
on a nuclear missile silo
by a group
called the Patton Project.
It's a right-wing group
within the military.
Yeah, they advocate for extreme
force in the military.
What they advocate is
nuclear carpet-bombing
in the Middle East
to begin a Muslim genocide.
The men and women inside the
Patton Project potentially have
access to all
of the U.S. military's
weapons of mass destruction.
Nuclear missiles,
submarines, bombers...
The powers that be
are not just concerned.
They are...Scared.
Terrified.
As should you be.
What's our involvement?
We have new intelligence
that could lead us to finding
a member of the Patton Project.
I need your help.What's the intel?
A high-ranking member likes to
meet contacts in Venice Beach.
That's it?
Where do you
get this information?
SHAKED:
I believe you all
know each other.
Hey. 101 was a nightmare.
Well, don't
worry about it.
It's just
domestic terrorism.
Oh, hey.
Remember me?
I'm the guy
that saved your life.
SHAKED:
Your friends were
just asking...
Oh, we're friends now?
I didn't say it.
Your colleagues
were just asking
where the intel
came from.
All right, well,
it's my understanding
that we lost contact
with the source of the intel,
and now all we have
is... Venice Beach.
We have
a list.
105 potential suspects.
They are all either current
or former military who,
because of their background,
political affiliations
or intercepted communications,
could be part
of the Patton Project.
I have service photos,
military files,
intelligence on why
they're on this list.
If we're staking out
Venice Beach,
why not just use facial rec?
We'll use both.
The suspect could change their
pattern at the last minute.
We can't wait for computers.
We must be proactive.
Last time the consequences
could have been catastrophic.
It's a priority,
to say the least.
SHAKED:
Take the day.
Digest the
information.
Try to memorize
the faces.
Then we begin.
We'll get back to you.
I'm sure you will.
What did you find out
about Shaked?
Well, whoever he's working for
now has him buried deep.
According to airline
and immigration records,
he's currently
somewhere in Poland.Meaning
what, exactly?He's a ghost.
Doesn't exist
inside the U.S.
Well, that is some serious
Secret Squirrel stuff.
What was Shaked
doing for the Mossad
before he came to the U.S.?
That's where it gets
really interesting.
Shaked was part of an elite
team responsible for nearly
two dozen assassinations.
ERIC:
Wet work in Iran, Gaza,
West Bank, Syria.
And now, most likely,
the United States.
So we're being forced to work
with an assassination team?
Looks that way.
He has clearance
to be here now?
Well, he did save your life.
Not gonna let us
forget that?
No, I'm not.
Are you?
Uh, not for a long time.
Why did they come to us?
All I know is that SecNav
asked that we meet with Shaked.
You knew him, and the op was
part of the
continued investigation
into the
Patton Project.
There was no discussion
on what type of op it was?
I think it's pretty
self-explanatory.
Yeah, they just
left out the part
where Shaked is an assassin.
Making us part of that.
Nobody's asked you
to execute a target, correct?
They don't have to.
They asked our help
in locating the target.
That makes us complicit.
And that is not
what we do.
Well, what happened in Mexico
says different.
You went outside
the lines.
It was noticed.
So now there's a perception that
we're good for this type of op?
Seems like it.
Trouble is...
they're not wrong.
Next. Next. Got it.
Next. Got it.
Yeah, no.
You don't... No.
This is gonna be
impossible to memorize
all these faces in one day.
And plus,
this is not your forte.
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about that
you are facially challenged.
I am not facially ch...
I'm great with faces.
I am a face savant.
Really? Okay.
Well, let's do this.Yeah.
How about thatOkay.
Well, I'm not trying
to recognize their names,
I'm just trying to
recognize their faces.
No, that's fine.
Do you know this person?
No, I do not
know this person.
That is my Uncle Jimmy.That is what?
KENSI:
We had a dinner together.
He's coming to our wedding.
Oh. Well, that's
a trick question.
That's not really fair.
Okay. What about this?
So what, now we're playing
"terrorist or relative"?
Shouldn't be that difficult
of a distinction, and plus,
these people are about
to become your relatives,
so get to know them.
Yeah, I'm super excited
about this extended family.
What
I need a clue.
Give me a clue.Okay, this is my...
Your...
Cousin...cousin... Adam.
Michael.
Went surfing together.
Went to the Hollywood Bowl.
Saw Randy Travis.
David Hasselhoff,
one night only.
He's coming
to the wedding, is he?
Yeah.Hmm.
Well, I don't know
how to break this to you,
but your cousin
looks like a terrorist.
That beard?
Well, that's awkward.Well, he's awkward.
What'd you find?
I dug deeper into the
file that contained the photos.
Over the last few months,
faces were added to the file.
It makes sense.
As they discovered new suspects,
they were added.
One face, however,
was removed.
Well, Shaked or someone must
have cleared him as a suspect.
That's what we thought,
but when we looked
into the military file
of that person--
Marine First Sergeant
Dean White-- he's...
He's dead.
You stole my reveal.
I thought it was our
reveal.Well...
I did all the setup.How'd he die?
My turn?Go ahead.
Okay.
When we looked into
the cause of death,
it was...NELL: It was redacted.
TURK:
Redacted. Did he have
some sort of
special security clearance?
ERIC:
No.
Uh, White's body
was taken to the office
of Medical Examiner Amy Shuler.
CALLEN:
We know her.
ERIC:
Yeah. You interviewed
her a few years ago.
Uh, she is in charge for--
wait for it...
The classified autopsies
of the military, CIA.
Stole your reveal.
Sorry about that.
We should have a
conversation with her.
I'll stay here,
drill down on Shaked.
I got shotgun if you want.
Yeah, okay.
Address is on your phones.Address is on...
you got to be kidding me.
Guys. It's not
a competition.
Let's talk in here.
You have something
you want to show us?
No.
Why are we in with the bodies?
This room is secure.
Swept for listening devices,
shielded against surveillance.
My office and the hallways
are not.
You afraid of something?
I take my security clearance
very seriously.
I shouldn't be speaking to you.
But you are.
First Sergeant Dean White's
postmortem medical exam
came from black division.
Which division?
You don't have
to know that right now.
Well, are you afraid of them?
Of course.
And you should be, too.
Then why are you talking to us?
Let's just say what I saw
hasn't sat well with me.
Look, we've been asked to work
with some people.
We'd like to know what
we're getting involved in.
After 9/11, I did work
for some of the black sites
in Europe, Abu Ghraib...
Classified autopsies
of suspected terrorists.
It's what I do.
What I saw when I examined
First Sergeant White
looked exactly
like some of those bodies.
Which was?
If this ever gets out,
I'll deny we ever spoke.
Understood.
With a hundred percent
certainty,
I can tell you
White was waterboarded.
The stress
on his pulmonary system
caused a cardiac arrest
that led to his death.
Did he have a heart condition?
No. Look, guys,
you can dance around it,
call it "enhanced
interrogation."
Plain English...
White was tortured to death.
Yes.
Secure the room.
Okay.
Okay, so First Sergeant White
was part
of several extreme right wing
political organizations.
He also spouted some pretty vile
anti-Islamic rhetoric
in various chat rooms.
That makes sense
why Shaked would target him
as a potential member
of the Patton Project.
I'm sorry, didn't Eric
say that White was taken
off the list because he died?
That's not the whole story.
We spoke to the M.E. who did
the postmortem exam on White,
and we believe
that either Shaked
or his people interrogated him.
And then, during the
interrogation, he died.
I'm sorry, what?
He was waterboarded,
which led to a
heart attack.
So Shaked is an assassin
who killed men
during interrogation.
Under whose
authorization?
You spoke to him first.
To answer your question,
uh, it could be any agency.
And I think I was
brought in to...
provide a friendly face,
put everybody at ease.
DEEKS:
Well, I'm sure
that's working.
Why us?
Ochoa thinks
that because of Mexico,
we have gained
a certain reputation.
Okay, so get us off it.
No, no. Wait a minute.
The Patton Project attempted
what I consider to be one
of the most dangerous terrorist
attacks on the United States.
They advocate genocide
of Muslims worldwide.
I understand that, and there's
a-a lot of terrible groups
that advocate genocide,
but don't we toss
the Constitution
and our morality out the window.
No. Last time, the Patton
Project almost accomplished it.
They are not a powerless group.
Then we have to ask ourselves...
are we people who do this?
We back away,
they'll find someone else.
Well, then, maybe it's
the right thing to do.
And-and we're the ones
to determine that?
I mean, just to remind you all,
w-we don't make the laws,
we enforce them.
And as this plays out, we are
becoming the judge, the jury...
And executioner.
I need to speak to Ochoa.
Deputy Director.
You getting a workout in?Yeah, all done.
Heading out.
What's going on?
I need some information
if we're gonna
continue with this operation.
I don't have much.
I believe that Shaked's op,
simply put,
is to find members of the Patton
Project and have them executed.
Is that what this is?
Off the record?
Yeah.
Do you have a recording device
on your person,
or are you aware of this
conversation being recording?
That's where this is going?
I'm from Washington.
Welcome to my world.
I'm not trying to trap anyone,
I'm trying to understand
my team's involvement.
Okay.
You have an accurate assessment
of the situation.
So you knew what this was?
Obliquely.
Things like this
aren't exactly spelled out
unless they
absolutely have to be.
We went to Mexico
to save a child.
This is completely different.
This-this is...
this is contract killing.
Maybe it's the price
of having gotten out of
the consequences of Mexico.
No.
We never made that deal
with anybody.
Maybe Hetty did, or Kilbride.
I mean, think about it.
You've got a good team
who's willing to operate
in the gray zone.
This isn't gray.
This is black.
Either way,
they can shut you down or...
Or they can use us.
Exactly.
Have a good night.
Oh, and, uh, Agent Callen,
you realize this is something
you might not be able
to say no to.
So think long and hard about
how you want to play it.
♪ I was born
on electric fever... ♪
How many days
are we gonna do this?
DEEKS:
At least until Turk
gets a suntan.
I'm not gonna be out here
that long.
TURK:
You remember I did
save all of your lives.
CALLEN:
Wow, it is not
gonna stop, is it?
TURK:
Especially when you
gang up on me like that.
You know I'm a quivering
lily pad of emotion right now,
if you haven't noticed.
So what, you're
feeling vulnerable?
Picking on the new guy, huh?
I may cry. Keep it up.
Check out the jogger.
♪ I got something for you...
No, not a match.
Hey, we ought to think about
doing this for money.
Get a little, uh, White Men Can't Jump
type deal.
That would mean
you'd have to be able to play.
Oh, snap!
Somebody just got called out.
Dear God, please stop talking.
♪ You never get out alive.
♪
Guys, I got him.
Colonel Trevor Lawford.
Buttoned-up gray shirt
by the hot dog cart.
We're moving to you.
Think I got his contact, too.
Long sleeve
red shirt, gray pants.
SAM:
Got to go, fellas.
Oh, come on.
KENSI:
Guys, he's about
to get on his motorcycle.
SHAKED:
Do not let him get on that bike.
Get out of here.
Go, go, go!
I lost him.
Got the contact.
MAN:
Whoa, man!
All right, Kensi,
we're stuck in traffic.
Put out a BOLO out on Lawford
and a description
of the motorcycle.
I got him going
into the building
on the corner of
Pacific and Market.
That's a block up.
Sorry.Whoa, whoa.
I'll take the back.The building's secure.
He's not going anywhere.
SHAKED:
Clear the floor.
We'll take the roof.
On your right,
your right.
Go, go.
Got him.
Show me your hands.
Now!
Show me your hands!
Nowhere to run.
Hands on
your head.
SHAKED:
We said hands on your head.
G, anything?
I got nothing.
Where is he?
We're good.
No traffic camera footage
where we can be identified.
I grabbed the building's
security drive
before the LAPD
showed up.
Wait a minute, so that's
how this works--
we get away with murder
and we're good?
No-Nobody's
been murdered.
He jumped off that roof.
He just ran off the edge?
I know it sounds crazy,
but it's true.
Why would he do that?I don't know, but it's
the truth, Callen.Are you working with him?
Are you asking me if I
threw that man off the roof?
Well, if she's not, I am.
Why did Shaked go to you first?
SAM:
Maybe you guys are the ones
who suggested
us for this op.
You know something?
It doesn't matter. We're done.
Find yourself
another team.
We just located our target
and you're backing out?
Hey, we've got this guy.
Look.
Retired Army colonel
Trevor Lawford.
Lives in Orange County.
There's nowhere for him to hide.
So we're gonna execute
a guy with his wife
and his two kids?
No, man. I'm out.
So what the
Patton Project does
from here on out,
it's on your heads.
ERIC:
Hey, I got the name of the man
who fell from the building.
Brad Kelby.
He lived in Echo Park.
Is he former
military?
Uh, no.
No military experience at all.
He spent the last year in
Metropolitan State Hospital.
He was sick?
No, it's a psychiatric hospital.
Kelby's been living
with his sister since then.
Send us the address.
Come on.
That's right,
it's okay.
Here you go.
Hi, pumpkin.
Okay.
I can't back out.
These are bad guys
that need to be stopped.
LAPD's finishing up.
We tell Ochoa
we're out.
Then we take over the
investigation ourselves.
We find Lawford first,
we'll put him in the system.
Make Shaked irrelevant.
Question Lawford ourselves.
Homicide detectives are gone.
Let's go.
Excuse me, miss?
NCIS. Can we ask you
a few questions?
Sure.
My brother had only been
out of the hospital three weeks.
He battled depression
his whole life.
He was getting
really paranoid and dark.
Did he ever mention
the name Lawford?
No.
Any new friends?
He did meet a man named Tyler,
who I didn't think
was a good influence.
Why's that?
Brad tried
to kill himself twice.
Serious attempts.
One day he told me
his friend Tyler
thought that suicide
was a sane act.
Did he still want
to kill himself?
More than ever.
Only now he wanted it
to be glorious.
Something that would
get the world
to remember him.
So you think
that Trevor Lawford
was trying to convince
Brad Kelby to kill himself
in some sort of
act of terrorism?
Same tactic as ISIS.
They prey
on the mentally ill.
So Kelby might have
actually jumped off the roof?
Well, it makes sense. You know,
he was gonna himself anyway.
At this point, the only thing
left for him was jail time.
Uh, question is
what was his op?
Shaked would say
what difference does it make
if we kill Lawford?
It's not a bad argument.
It means I'm gonna
have to apologize to Turk.
Well, he did save your life.
You need to see this.
We've been tracking
Lawford's movements
for the last few months
using Kaleidoscope.
He's been
travelling around
to psychiatric hospitals
in California,
Arizona and Nevada.How many?
53 and counting.
Ooh.DEEKS: That means Lawford
was targeting other patients.
CALLEN:
These are people with mental
illness. He'd have to work
with a critical mass
if he was gonna find a couple
who were willing and able
to complete the mission.
Okay, so Kelby was
not working on his own.
Lawford has to have
another op in play.
That's even more reason
for us to apprehend him
and not let Shaked
take him out.
Hey, I just found
Lawford's bike.
It's parked outside
a motel in Cerritos.
Let's go.Should we tell Ochoa?
No, he'll
tell Shaked.
We need
Lawford alive.
They wanted black,
that's what they're gonna get.
This is our op now.
Okay.
NCIS.
Take a look.
What room is this man in?
Thanks.
CALLEN: Put your hands up!Move, get up, you...
Get away from the computer.
Turn around, hands on the wall!
Turn around.He's erasing the hard drive.
Pull out the battery.
Let's go.
Don't even think about it,
with my team down there.
You work for the Navy,
but you don't really
support our troops.
Or even our citizens.
Hmm.
Is that part of
the philosophy
of the Patton Project?
Patton Project?
I don't know what that is.
It's a group
that advocates using
overwhelming military force
on Muslim nations.
Really just a bunch of
fancy words for genocide.
Interesting.
Would solve a lot of problems.
CALLEN:
And you have no problems...
Deputy Director.
Well, I guess
our secret hideout
isn't that secret anymore
if you keep letting
in the riffraff.
This is Shaked's op.
He should have
been notified
when you took
Lawford into custody.
It was no secret that Lawford
was put into the system.
There was complete transparency.
Too much transparency.
I need to speak with him.
Well, Sam and Callen
are interrogating him
right now, but
I'm sure there's
a sign
Yeah.
somewhere if you
want to just...
Okay. Good talk.
Hello, gentlemen.
Please, clear the room.
Excuse me?Should I have your
deputy director ask you?
He's just outside the door.
Colonel Lawford, because
of your involvement
with the Patton Project...I'm not involved.
and your involvement with
the attempted takeover
of the nuclear missile
silo in Colorado,
you're going to be
charged with treason.
That's absurd.
Your computer didn't completely
erase your hard drive.
We have your phone.
I'm sure we find
your plane trips to Colorado.
I just need the names of
the other members of the group.
I'm proud
to give my life for my country.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, I wonder if your wife--
she will also be proud
to give her life
for her country?
WOMAN:
Why did Colorado fail?
LAWFORD:
We believe it took too long.
They should've redirected
just one missile
and launched it immediately.
WOMAN:
That's so disappointing.
After all the work we put in.
She had nothing to do with this.
You created that recording.
I have another recording
of your daughter, 17 years old.
They both go
to jail forever.
I need the names of the
other members of the group.
You have five minutes.
I have your wife,
your daughter arrested.
CALLEN:
Lawford's smart.
He knows that that recording
won't hold up in court
once it's technically
analyzed.
My techs assure me
it will.
Excuse me?
It will stand up in court.
They've been working
on the technology
for a while.
It's good.
So you're gonna
charge his wife and daughter
even though you know
the phone call was fabricated?
Once it gets real,
they may flip on him.
But what if they don't
know anything about this?
We tell them what to say.
Really? You just force them
to commit perjury?
Or we let Lawford hear a verdict
and watch his wife and daughter
walk into a supermax.
Even if they're
innocent?
Oh, you wouldn't do the same?
I mean, we use that tactic
to get information.
We don't put innocent
people in prison.
Even if it means saving
hundreds, if not thousands,
of American lives?
Let's stay focused.
Lawford's recruited
possibly dozens
of mentally-ill patients
for suicide missions,
but we've got no idea
what kind of missions.
Shootings, explosives,
biological weapons.
And we have no idea if any
of them are currently in play.
ERIC:
We may be able
to help with that.
Uh, using the GPS
in Lawford's phone and car,
we were able
to track his movements,
and, uh,
noticed a lot of trips
to Hollywood Burbank Airport.
We scanned airport cameras
and found that Lawford
was booking a lot of flights
on various airlines.
He'd then move
back and forth through security
several times in a day.
We think he was
trying to look for a gap
in the system.
Now, he seems
always to refuse the, uh,
full-body scanners and opt
instead for the pat down.
Think he's trying
to figure out which TSA agents
are the most lax
or easily distracted.
Well, even with
a lax TSA agent,
you're still not gonna
get a gun through.
Well, or blades.
I mean, you'd have to be trained
in fighting with knives.
It's probably
some kind of explosive.
Or it's biological.
'Cause a plane is a great way
to spread a pathogen.
He's the only one
with the answers.
Well, it's a good
thing he's not dead.
WOMAN :
Welcome to Burbank Airport.
AGENT: Next.
[P.A. announcement continuing
indistinctly]
Uh, excuse me,
I don't want to go through
the machine with my baby.
All right.
Okay.
Come this way.
Got a pat down. I'll do it.MAN: All right. Okay.
Just a second.
Here.
Whee! Oh.
MAN:
If you could step out.
WOMAN:
Thank you..
You're good.Okay.
AGENT:
Arms up.
Thank you, sir.
Palms up.
Thanks for that.
Nitromethane.
That's one part
of a binary explosive.
And he's handled
it recently.
Means this is
about to go down.
We need to get
him to talk.
If you clear this building,
I can do that very quickly.
Deputy Director, he could've
placed a bomb
on a plane as we speak.Don't do it.
Let us work on him first.
Something's bothering me.
Let me talk to this guy.
Give me two minutes.
Take your shot.
So, just speaking
hypothetically,
you think wiping out
all the Muslim nations
would be a good thing?
Of course.
Wouldn't you agree?
I'm Muslim.
So, no, I wouldn't agree.
Should've guessed.
This racism thing's really
working out for you, huh?
You call it racism.
I call it realistic.
Pragmatic.
You get a lot of blue-eyed,
blonde Muslims?
Plenty.Huh.
Look...
the world would be a different,
much safer place without Islam.
We just need
the reason
to unleash the might
and the power
that God has given to us.
SAM:
Okay.
So, Patton Project wants to
provoke a war between the U.S.
and Muslim
nations, right?
An excuse
for genocide.Right.
So how does having
Kelby, a U.S. citizen,
blow up a plane help
the Patton Project cause?
It doesn't.Then why do it?
Members of the Patton Project
are military.
KENSI: Right.Right?
They could have access
to no-fly lists.
All types of people--
you know, teachers,
students--
they get put on those lists,
then they're cleared,
then they're taken
off the lists.
Lawford finds
suspected terrorists
who were eventually cleared
and then allowed to fly.
And they figure out
what flights they're on.
Puts his person on the plane.
Plane is blown up by an American
with mental illness.
And it looks like it's the work
of a suspected terrorist.
Nell, Eric.
Find flights with Muslims
that were previously on
the no-fly lists. Got it.
Coming your way.Nice work.
I believe something
this overt is not your
specialty. Thank you.
So cross-checking flights
out of southern California,
we found quite a
few with Muslims
who were on the no-fly lists
who were then removed.
There are 12
in the next two weeks,
but one to Washington, D.C.
is boarding right now.
Okay, we got to
ground that flight.
Get me the DHS
and the FBI now.
On our way.
Hey, tell Kensi
and Deeks
to bring Lawford
to the airport.
Yeah.
PILOT : Flight crew,
prepare for takeoff.
Please secure all tray tables
and turn off
all electronic devices.
Oh, flag on the play.
I'm sorry, folks. Tower's gonna
hold us here a few minutes.
Flight's grounded.
There's talk of
sending passengers
through security
a second time.
Do not do that.
They could spook the bomber,
and when they get off,
they'll exit the airport.
Start cross-checking the
passenger list, see if any...
NELL:
See if any passengers spent time
in state psychiatric hospitals
Lawford visited.
Already on it.
PILOT:
Ladies and gentlemen,
just a few more minutes here
and we'll be on our way.
Thank you for your patience.
Excuse me, miss,
can your son come
with me, please?
What's this about?
Just please come with us.
How'd we do?
Looks like we have a winner.
Let's go.
Where'd you take my son?
He's okay. You'll see him
in a few minutes.
I'm gonna have to ask you
to remove your shirt.
Ally.
Okay. We're gonna do it.
Stop.
Looks like a liquid
binary explosive.
I think I found the detonator.
Got to get the
bomb squad in here.Let's go.
You had your son
on that plane, Ally.
We're gonna get you
the help you need.
Okay?
Nothing's ever helped me.
You can say that again.
Hmm, you look like
men with an agenda.
We know who made the deal.
What deal is that?
The one that got
someone thinking
that we'd work for Shaked,
or people like him.
Right. I made it.
After Mexico, a lot of people
up the food chain had a problem
with the NCIS
Office of Special Projects.
They wanted to take it apart,
discard its people.
So you offer us out
as a black ops team.
I saw good agents...
No, scratch that.
I saw great agents
who were about to go down
for the wrong reasons.
And, yeah, I made a deal with
the devil to save your asses.
To save your careers.
And, more importantly,
to save lives.
So you could do
what you did today.
Today is not what we do.
Yes, it is.SAM: Hey.
We're not assassins.
We don't do torture.
No, it's not that simple,
and you know it.
You know, in this business,
we all have to walk
a moral tightrope.
It's our job.
You guys want easy...
get a job at the post office.
OCHOA:
And, FYI...
there's no team I'd rather
walk that tightrope with
than this one.
Mm.
Come with me.
Whoa.
That's nice.
Try to not burn this one.
Good night, gentlemen.
Well, if this is cause
for celebration,
there is a nice little
Mexican place down the street
if you want to join us.
They got tequila?
I believe they do.
Well, it sounds good,
'cause, uh,
there's something that I'd like
to talk to you guys about.
Yeah
TURK:
How cool it was
when I saved your lives.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org